Alphabetize everything (#132)
VSpaceCode/VSpaceCode: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
- Speed up vscode startup by deferred extension activation

> - Change bindings in `<spc> b` and `<spc> d` to be sorted alphabetically

Reviewer: Can you remove this line since the all the default bindings are alphabetized?

> - Change bindings in `<spc> b` and `<spc> d` to be sorted alphabetically
> - Alphabetized default keybindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reorder the default keybindings in alphabetical order similar to spacemacs
```
